# Pitt Club Sports Database
 
My club sports database is targeted towards the students and faculty at the University of Pittsburgh who are interested in or taking part in a club sport. Students who play club sports are usually those who genuinely are fans of a sport whether it be basketball, soccer, or baseball. In the real world, everyone can track the schedule and statistics of their favorite professional teams and players. I wanted to create something that would allow students experience what it is like to be an athlete in their point of view. My potential club sports database will be able to allow students and even faculty members to access specific information or statistics about certain club sports that are available at the University of Pittsburgh.

At the University of Pittsburgh, there are various club and intramural sports that students can sign up for and play. As a freshman, I played intramural basketball during the Fall of 2019. As a player, I was able to track our game schedule and the intramural team’s schedule through an app called “IMLeagues.” Also, the Pitt club teams’ information was on the app too. It possessed information about each player: email, gender, grade, graduation year, and birthday. However, Pitt club teams did not use this app to its fullest like Pitt intramurals. For example, the app’s ability to track statistics and the leaders among each sport was not utilized at all. My database will utilize these unused features and will possess even more attributes that will give the user an in-depth description and analysis of various sports, teams, players, and games.

